Update jj init.md (#281)
chriskrycho/v5.chriskrycho.com: site/essays/jj init.md

---

> [Jujutsu][jj] is a new version control system from a software engineer at Google, where it is on track to replace Google’s existing love-hate relationship with Perforce, Piper, and Mercurial. I find it interesting both for the approach it takes and for its careful design choices in terms of both implementation details and user interface. It offers one possible answer to a question I first started asking [most of a decade ago][next-gen-vcs]: *What might a next-gen version control system look like—one which actually learned from the best parts of all of this generation’s systems, including Mercurial, Git, Darcs, Fossil, etc.?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Jujutsu][jj] is a new version control system from a software engineer at Google, where it is on track to replace Google’s existing version control systems (historically: Perforce, Piper, and Mercurial). I find it interesting both for the approach it takes and for its careful design choices in terms of both implementation details and user interface. It offers one possible answer to a question I first started asking [most of a decade ago][next-gen-vcs]: *What might a next-gen version control system look like—one which actually learned from the best parts of all of this generation’s systems, including Mercurial, Git, Darcs, Fossil, etc.?*
```
